[00:00:00] What has Kith [music] cost you personally that people can't see? >> That's a great question, man. Everything. It's cost me everything. Ronnie F is the founder, CEO, and creative director of Kith, one of the most influential lifestyle brands in the world. He's built an empire around his personal taste, turning his point of view into collaborations with BMW, Nike, Giorgio Omani, and more. Give people more than what they pay for. That's the motto. I'm interested in people connecting to the [music] brand. The minute the curiosity goes away, it could all go to zero. Ronnie opens up 15 [music] years of the Kif archive, showing us how he thinks about product and stories that he's never told publicly. People are moving without purpose. I'm not [music] cut from that cloth and I don't come from that era. Really, the brand is my life. So, the end point is when I die, you know, nobody knows this. So, I haven't told this publicly, but no paid ads, no influencers, no
[00:01:00] wholesale. This man has built a monster without doing the stuff that everybody says you have to do. Stay to the end. We're going to give you guys the full playbook on how he built Kith. I want to tell you a quote that I heard from Colin Brookley, AS6 sports style director. I spoke to him last night about you. One of the best people, by the way. >> One of the best. What he said about you, he you know exactly what people want. You're obsessed with overd delivering value for the price. You always think as the consumer, you never want someone to pay X and get Y. You are a stickler on quality and you will never cut corners for margin. You are the best in class in your commitment to the customer. He had a lot of things to say about you, but he just said it was a maniacal obsession that you would just never cut corners, which makes sense knowing the end product. So, let's just go [ __ ] deep into product. Why don't you just walk us through like your actual process of a spark in your head to getting it on the shelf? I think a lot of people are very very curious what that looks like. >> Um, so that process can range in in in
[00:02:04] so many different ways. Prod product is created in a million different lanes. I would say like we have so many different ways of doing things but when we think about footwear specifically because that's the quote that Colin gave you about footwear. I spent 15 years on the floor on the sales floor like seeing imagine like being a buyer and open to call it 50 brands of footwear and seeing product quarterly for what these brands are offering but then also having the knowledge of why people gravitate towards certain product like what they like about the product. >> And is this just you being maniacal with asking questions when consumers come in? Yeah, because I was a salesperson first for years. For 10 years, I was selling footwear, right? So when people would come in, their questions and curiosity back then before they were led by social media or led to like certain things because of seeing other people wearing it, they would come in and I would say
[00:03:07] 50% of it was functional and 50% of it was fashion, you know. And on both ends I got to see why people liked product. So the spark the idea that I have on making certain product always stems I think from that from from having my own sense of individuality and like liking certain things for my own reasons. My own reasons are building blocks for 31 years from 1995, putting boxes on shelves, but spending quality time with product, coming into the basement, opening boxes, seeing what they look like, feeling, touching, you know, like I got to see the made in Italy era of boots. Like that was like that was incredible. the made in England Clarks like craftsmanship on another level that era you know and that that formed I think my taste in product is the ability to see so much product and having to have a point of
[00:04:07] view on what I liked. You can't like it all if there's like you know 500 styles on the wall. You're eventually going to pick what you like most and then what you like most, you know, thinking about it from today, like seeing things for the first time and liking them for your own reasons is might not be a language that people understand today. >> I don't think that's in existence anymore. I think everybody's influenced because they see it first on social and then how is it getting positioned in the marketplace. >> So familiarity is has become a very important I think starting point for people on how they can like something, right? For me, it wasn't it wasn't about that at all. For me, I liked newness in footwear because I've gotten to see so many different styles over the years that if you were to tweak and change things by 10%, it could make a huge difference, right, within the category. So, there's subcategories of footwear and I got to study all of them. And I got to love footwear like in totality. So, I'm not a sneaker
[00:05:08] guy. I'm a footwear guy because brown shoes and boots to me are as important as as sneakers. In fact, like some of the first products that I collected were dolomite boots. >> Wow. >> There was a time where I had like 150 pairs of dolommites because my I would spend all of my money, my checks on boots, you know, and it got to the point where I was filling my parents' garage with with these boots. And it was an obsession that I can't explain because it didn't have resale value. I just loved the product so much that I needed to have all of it and because they would disappear the next season. Some of those styles would disappear and then you'd be offered new product and I didn't want to miss the opportunity on some of those products, you know. So, my my taste and how I started to collect in my life started with brown shoes and boots. So fast forward to like when I have an idea and when it's, you know, my my ideas come from the catalog of all the product that I've seen. So imagine I
[00:06:09] see one brand have this like really unique colorway of call it like a trail runner and I see that colorway in a trail runner and I like the uniqueness of it within the category and then 20 years later I'm working on running shoes or retro running call it and I think back to like what's a unique color palette or unique color blocking or a unique point of view on a colorway. I go back in my brain for the catalog that I have and I get to like reference some of the stuff that I loved back then. And that's I think that that's the that's to me it's it's very rewarding to get to relive some of those moments that I loved so much in the '9s early 2000s that I get to apply to product that I build today. And that's really what it's from. That's really where it comes from. So ultimately you're a historian and you're going into the archives and you're kind of cross-pollinating whether
[00:07:09] it be a color way you're like hey I like this suede I like this new book and you're kind of mixing and matching and then going off of kind of whatever that DNA is from that past one and kind of infusing it with the kithni. That's that's just that's just one example. There are so many different examples I could give you, but I'm just going to give you one that is really true to my history and my knowledge that I have in footwear. I don't know if there's anyone in my world of footwear that has seen as many products as I've seen over the years. Like it's 31 years now of really being immersed not only in athletic footwear, like I said, but also Brown shoes and boots, which play a huge part as to how I think about footwear as a whole. And some of those elements are applied even to the athletic footwear world that we've been able to build. I'm confused in a sense that I think most people are like, are you the ICP? Are
[00:08:10] you the customer? Are you building this for you or are you building this for your customer? cuz I do feel like over the years your customer base has expanded where like I have my 14-year-old nephew loving it and then the guy that works here said he's has 9,000 points on kit. He's a 45-year-old guy that works works at this place. So, who's the customer and how do you think through that? Is it strategic or is it just you? >> It's me. >> Wow. And I think that that's that's like I think what what has been I think the hardest part of our business to replicate has I think has been the point of view. So the point of view and the lens has always been me. Every single footwear project and that's why this book is so important for the 15 year which we'll get into. That's why this book is so important because there's 2,200 styles of shoes in 15 years that I worked on and I worked on every single one. Like never phoned in anything I've ever done in footwear. Never. And I
[00:09:10] think that, you know, Colin's quote, if you speak to anyone I worked with at any footwear brand, they'll have similar things to say because we geek out about it. Like it's like this is like my livelihood. I love this [ __ ] you know? And it's it has grown to become more than I ever wanted it to become. But the fact that I get to share it now with this amount of people globally, you know, like imagine releasing a shoe. So, like imagine starting the way I started and not even thinking that, you know, I didn't know if I had a shot for this thing to be successful or not. And then it was locally. And now we release a shoe and we have like lines outside of you know Korea, Japan, France, UK, Canada, New York, Miami, LA, Dallas, Chicago like and then multiple cities globally in the same on the same day. And yes, other brands have had that too but I
[00:10:10] it'll I'll never I'll never take that for granted. It's like I I it still surprises me every day, you know. So do you think like the strength of these brands is basically based on you said DNA. I would say it's taste. I'd love to know like how you define taste like in this because everyone's talking about with AI that like taste is the new moat. Are you basically just saying that the the creative director andor the person that's filtering product through their stories and their ideas ultimately that is what taste is? Taste is um taste and style are the two most important words I think in our world for what we do, right? And my my taste has always been the same for what I like, but my style has evolved, right? So, like, you know, as you get older, you tend to wear different things, you know, like, and it's funny because like I remember growing up, like you you see your parents and you see like, you know,
[00:11:12] your elders kind of like dressing, wearing, listening to music, and kind of you're you're paying attention to their behavior, and you're thinking like that'll never be me. I like what I like, and I'll never evolve from this. this is my, you know, and then you find yourself, you know, listening to [ __ ] Led Zeppelin, you know, with your dad in the car and enjoying it just as much as he does, you know, later on in life. So, it's it's just to to me, I feel like the consistency and and I think that that's rare for there to be a brand where every product goes through one lens. And then I think that the consistency is what makes it really easy to grow with. So like I think that there's a red thread through a lot of what people see from the brand. And again like to to me I'm just trying to build emotion. That's that's my job, you know, is to transfer the emotion that I have for the product to the people who are buying the product. I think there's
[00:12:13] no better example. I've actually never heard that. That's that's brilliant. The distinction between taste and style. We were talking off camerara of like how I got in was through the A6 and then I got into like my grown man Sbago and I matured into Clarks when I was in my [ __ ] boy del Toros and now I'm getting dress shirts from you. So I think that's an interesting kind of distinction that it's just through your lens but you're going to change you know just like at one point you're wearing you know the Mercers were joggers and now you're wearing baggy pants and that's like on the style side not on the taste side. >> Yeah. Exa Exactly. Like taste is something taste is unique to people you know but your taste if your taste could be swayed then you know you don't have a strong point of view. So if it could be swayed by things that you see every day on social or you're influenced easily then your taste won't be consistent you know. So, like it's it's been it's been easy for people to follow the brand for all of these years because the course has been additive. It hasn't been
[00:13:13] >> No. >> Yeah. >> It's the same throughine the whole entire time. >> That's right. Ex. Exactly. And people can see that I work on product that I love and it's not for everybody and it's not meant to be for everybody, but it's through the lens of what I love, you know. So, if one day we're working on a Kith Treats capsule, you know, that's the that's the fun category from the brand. The subcategory of the brand that's supposed to be the most fun is through Kith Treats, right? So, we have fun in that category. It's meant to be young. It's meant to be fun, right? And I don't forget about that kid that I was when I first started the brand and even before then. I want to offer product to people who like the fun portion of the brand or the fun category of the brand. Do I wear Kiss Treats t-shirts today? Less, less and less, I would say. Right. >> Maybe on the playground with your nieces and nephews. >> Yeah, ex exact like in a fun setting. I would still wear it, but I don't. But that's not like that's not my I've I've evolved with age, you know, but people
[00:14:14] that want to, you know, have that fun, you know, graphic program in their closet, you know, they have the ability to do that through the brand. And if we work on a Kith Treats capsule that releases once a month and it's fun and it's bright and it's graphic and it could be cereal infused, it could be something that we do with, you know, Junior's Cheesecake, it could be, it could be whatever for Kith Treats that's meant to be, you know, the FNB portion that's linked to a fun aspect. That's how we design. We design backwards from it being fun and colorful, right? So, if we're doing that and then the next week we're releasing a Giorgio Armani collection, I understand why people get confused. It's because nobody's ever done that in our world. So, there are people that understand the brand because they've grown up with the brand and they understand both ends of the spectrum and everything in between. And then there are people who don't
[00:15:15] follow the brand daily, who haven't made it a part of their lifestyle, that see that one thing and then see the next thing and then they hate what they don't understand. >> Those aren't your people anyway. You don't even give a [ __ ] about those people anymore. >> I've never cared about anyone who hasn't put the time in >> to see >> to see and understand what it is that we've done over the years and who it is that we cater to. It's like a lot of people would prefer me to alienate, you know, the left end of the spectrum and focus only on these more sophisticated, you know, products that I would wear mostly today, you know, but but the truth is that's not what the brand is. The brand was always meant to be this welcoming space that welcomes anyone who knows the difference. Knows the difference of what? Knows the difference between great and good. That's what the brand is. The brand is is created for people who know the difference, you know, and and that difference doesn't only come in one form of style or another or one kind of product or another. that applies to everything that
[00:16:16] we do, whether it's a BMW car or a serial collaboration or a licensing deal with a film studio, you know, and when we make Back to the Future product, Back to the Future is one of the most culturally relevant movies in our lifetime. But there there are still, I believe, people who question why we would make product like that if we are able to do things that are so much more sophisticated and I guess elevated in the sense of price point and style. And I and I think that I just explained why it's important for us to cover all facets of the spectrum that we've built over the years because it started there. So I'll never forget about that consumer ever. And it's not a big it's not a big revenue driver for the brand. A lot of people may think that the licensing deals for some of these smaller and more fun releases that we do are a big part
[00:17:18] of the revenue driver, but it's not. It's really small actually. But I love film. I love music. I love sports. That's what the brand is. It's everything I love. And if you grew up in Queens the way I did and took the F train from the last stop on 179th in Hillside, you know, to the city every morning and come back every night, you will see every [ __ ] thing possible under the sun on that 1-hour train ride. You'll see all different styles, all different cultures, and that's what New York is. And we're a New York brand. So, I'm never going to be one thing or the other. I'll be everything that I am. That's all that that's all the brand can be. >> The genius part of this, anyone can say anything they want about you and your brand, but the last thing they can say is that you guys are ever stale. What I think that you've done a great job of, and for people out there listening, it's a great way to think about your business, >> is just you have all of these kind of new vessels in conjunction with where you're at in your life. Like the kids division makes the most amount of sense when you're bringing a kid into the
[00:18:18] world. Like, dude, I remember when you did like that stroller collab. Yeah. And I was like, this [ __ ] his wife just wanted his boozy stroller and she [ __ ] with the stroller, right? >> Yo, that's exactly what happened. >> I knew it. >> You know what I mean? It's exactly what happened in the conversation that we had with Bugaboo. It was at the time. >> It was at the time when, you know, I had my first kid. So, you know, it's all relevant to things that I love, you know, and I guess there there's only one release or project that we worked on that didn't stem from my passion, which was the golf collection with Tailor Made, you know, and that came from >> golfer either, bro. I don't know if you I'm not, >> you know, I mean, I to be honest, I wanted to golf, right? But I wasn't this I wasn't, you know, I don't have the time to commit the way you have to to be great at it. So, you know, my VP of product, his name is Michael. He's been with me, he's almost been with me since day one. I think he's been with me now 13 or 14 years. And he's huge into golf. He loves golf. And Nick, my COO, loves golf. So, we had a conversation and it
[00:19:19] was like, we almost didn't do it because I'm like, nah. And for years, I wouldn't even entertain the convo because I'm like, I don't [ __ ] with golf. But then I was like, you know what? These guys are part of the company culture. Like, they are part of the the cloth of this thing. So, like, you know, we went we had the convo and actually I got into golf learning about the product and I I still ended up designing the hard goods, you know, even though I wasn't a golfer, my point of view came from the outside in, which was like everybody's so used to being traditional with the sport. What if we did this, you know, and then boom, the all black set and then what if we did this and boom, you had the multi, you know, it was the gradient metal pack for the for the, you know, for the golf set. So, I believe it's one of the best, you know, hard good sets that that has ever existed in golf. And I've done a lot of research when we went and we did that. I did a lot of research. So, we had a crazy mood board of everything that existed and I wanted to do
[00:20:19] something very different. So, we were able to do that. And, you know, now it's going to evolve from there. But my point is I became interested in it and then I wouldn't have put my my my work or my ideas into it unless I felt like I was studied enough in it. So like we've we did a lot of research and that's the thing is like if if you feel comfortable applying your point of view and you think your lens can be impactful then all of a sudden it becomes a new lane that you can then thrive in because now people they're waiting for the next thing we do with Tailor Made or the next thing we do with golf. We got people and and it was one of the most successful releases that we had in sports product that we built. I think it's the most asymmetric difference in product in a category. Yeah. Like your product next to the the next closest product in golf. Yeah. >> I would argue is the biggest difference in any category. Maybe maybe the bugaboo actually. Maybe that maybe that was a little different, but I and I'm sure that so much of your audience is a golfer and they were fing for that.
[00:21:20] >> Yeah. And it's it's polarizing, you know, for a brand like us to take on golf. when we did, you know, now it's a bit different, but when we did it for the first time and when we started working on it for the first time, we worked on it a year, a year and a half before it released, I think it was very impactful in a way that people were excited that wouldn't typically get excited about golf products. So, that's that that actually worked, you know. So there there's so many different areas that we could touch on for what the brand does where our point of view can create emotion and can also bring a new consumer on board to love something that they wouldn't typically love, you know, and and I think that that's seeing that happen multiple times over and over again. Even like for example like when I first worked on my as on the first ASIC shoe in ' 07 seeing the people that were coming in and buying them I saw people look at the shoe for the first time like they didn't know what the shoe was but yet you know think about that that's 20
[00:22:20] years ago you know 20 years later the amount of AS6 that people probably had amount of pairs that they had in their you know in in the 20ear span >> bro you opened up that inline big time for them I was talking to Colin about that last night like I bought inline A6 gel lights. That was never never an option for me until after the fact with you. >> I mean, and that's a that's a great part, you know, it's it's listen, it was a great first project and now AS6 stands for a lot more than a gel 3 similar to what we did, you know, where we expanded like our aperture really widened from there. You know what I mean? Like and and with AS6, the same thing. What sports style then be then became after that. It was an evolution of you know having product that was relevant to the culture and how they were able to grow that. That was a great it was a great run and still today you know you're seeing retro product because the AS6 Gelite 3 at one point was a performance-led product that was a performance product from the brand and then became lifestyle. So similar to what you're seeing today like a lot of these retro tech you know that's what we
[00:23:22] call it. It's like they seem like they're relevant for today because they were ahead of their time when they released and now they seem like they seem new, but it's >> everything's cyclical, >> but it's retro and exact. That's exactly right. It's it's it's all cyclical. >> I think such a good thing to look at. Ironically, I talked to Colin about this and I've done that with with my core brand is >> looking at these like kind of tertiary brands. It's a great way to get your start. Like Diodora is a great example. Like Reebok was obviously distressed. ABG bought it. Now they're coming back. That's an example. I think AS6 was like your crowning jewel where it's like you're kind of just getting started and it's a perfect partnership where it makes sense for both of you guys. And I think for brands out there, you got to look at that. Like Puma at one point had it. Now they're obviously they're a little bit bigger. I consider them kind of one of the big boys, but I think people out there need to start looking at what are those kind of secondary brands. >> Yeah. >> Filela, that's another one. >> Right. I mean, when when you look at the when you look at this book and you get to see the archive, but also like the
[00:24:24] progression in silhouette and design through the last 15 years, you know, and and it's not only with AS6. There are, you know, multiple brands on the spine of this book. Actually, you could see it's >> We're gonna pop that up there, guys. >> Yeah. It's it's it's it's incredible. for me like when when we were building the second floor of our office literally it was the second floor of the building but it was also our second office that we built right before we started building we had this rare opportunity to have this really big space and it's just a very long space that cuts an entire block right and we had a rare opportunity to lay out all of the product so I decided to have the archivist his name is Jordan. I had him lay out all of our footwear from day one. And I've saved almost everything. Almost everything. There were a few
[00:25:24] pairs that we had to go out and buy, but for the most part, all of the samples were saved. So, unreleased samples that people have never seen. People going to There's 1,200 unreleased samples in this book that people have never seen. So I I was able to look at, you know, chronologically in order from 2011 to date, 15 years of product and the evolution when you walk the product and that's why this exhibit that we have, we're going to have an exhibit for this book and it's all of the shoes and it's called walk the index because in the back of this book there's the index to show all of these unreleased samples in the context of date. You know, the context, the chronological order, I think, is very important for this so people can see the progression. So, when I walked it and I got to see all of my work, all of my just the footwear, the work of footwear in one space, that really blew my mind because what blew my mind wasn't like, oh, this
[00:26:26] product is so beautiful, which it is, but that's not what blew my mind. What blew my mind was how much product can evolve and still stay the same. So like some of these products were the same silhouettes that I worked on 15 years later, but how much different the product looks today than it did then. So, you know, we we we we really through the years we've been through so much. And think about all of the [ __ ] that's happened. Think about all the different presidents we've had since we started. all of the different artists that have come and gone, all the different brands that have come and gone. Um, >> when I was looking through the 10-year book, I was just thinking about where I was at in my life in conjunction with the product. It's very wild to think. We were saying off camera, I think there's very, very few brands that it's year seven and they're thinking about what is my 10 year book like? It's year 12, what is my 15ear book like? It's basically not I I don't know any other brands. Another brand is I don't know if you know George from Represent. That's the only guy I know. I think he did a decade book, but I don't know anybody else
[00:27:26] that's thinking the way that you're thinking like that. >> Yeah. I mean, it took a lot to get over the hump. You know, these brands have when you start a brand, there's so much of that feeling that it could all go to [ __ ] in a day. It could all go to zero. And I think CO had everyone feeling that way. I felt like the brand was going to go away during CO. >> Really? >> No. at the height of CO, you know, it's it's easy to forget >> what co CO was Armageddon, you know, like I was like, "Oh, it's it's we're never going to get over this shit." And, you know, people are going to stop caring about product the way that they do today. >> Like back then, I'm saying the way they they cared about it before. I would say that's going to become less of a priority. Like now it's about family and life and death. And I knew where I was emotionally. So, I was like, "This is going to this is going this thing is going to topple over." And not only for the Kith brand, but in general, I felt like the category of retail was going to be in trouble, like real trouble. [snorts] And it is today, but not for the not for
[00:28:27] those reasons. But I think I I I think that when you get to survive some of the scariest moments, it's like it's like um it's like in life sometimes you go through certain things like dramatic moments in your life where you think it's like the end all of like there's like there's no getting past certain moments where you can't see past it, you know? And it's no different for anyone who's starting a brand. You'll go through challenges where you'll feel like you're not going to be make to be able to make it through it, you know, and and I've had many of those challenges. >> I don't think anybody out there listening Yeah. would guess that you had that. Outside of outside of co, what's another moment in time where that you were scared that you weren't going to make payroll? You took too big of a bet. Was there any moment you can look back that you're like, we might not make it? >> Yeah, it was in the very beginning. You know, in the very beginning, I had those challenges and then, you know, sometimes you make certain bets. I'll give you a good example. We we had a store when we first started. We were in the Atrium store and we were in we were on Broadway
[00:29:28] and Bleecker. I was on a 10-year lease. I was in year seven. I had three years left on my lease. And the traffic that we were getting, this is after Kith expanded into the atrium space. So, we had the whole corner. I used to get up. So, I I lived downtown at the time in the financial district. And I used to get off the train, the sixth train on Bleecker and look up and see this beautiful building on Lafayette. And at the time, and this is going to be hard for people to understand, above Hston on Lafayette, not below Hston, because I know what people are going to think when I say that. Above Hston, there wasn't a [ __ ] soul walking on that block where that building was. And I remember feeling like the traffic that we were getting on Broadway and Bleecker, 50% of the traffic was not the relevant traffic to the brand. They were just walking in and it was like this traffic from Broadway that I didn't love. It was just like people who were walking in and out of the space that I
[00:30:30] felt stopped us from being able to focus on one customer at a time. So I wanted the space I wanted the brand to be like more of a destination. So, walking out of and this is a great story because I've never told this, but walking out of off the six train and seeing this building, that building, if you pull up pictures of 337, you know, Lafayette, it was like I think that, you know, there were a couple of there were eight different businesses being run in this building and some of them were like I I I remember, you know, I think certain people got locked up cuz they were running like a sweat shop out of there, you know, and and and the facade of the building, it looked like the thing was going to [ __ ] [ __ ] crumble. And I used to say, "This is the perfect [ __ ] space. If I ever get this building, this is going to be where I place the brand." So, seven years later, I get a call about the building, right? And the opportunity was for us to get into that building and they would rebuild the space for me to sign a longer like a long lease on it which
[00:31:32] would mean that I had to break the lease where I was pay to break the lease take and we were successful very successful in the space on Broadway and Bleecker. I would have to break that lease, interrupt a successful business where I was getting a lot of traffic, and then move to a space where there was no traffic, but it was bigger and it was its own space, meaning it was a standalone building for the brand. And I could envision what it would look like. And if you saw the building, you can never have the vision for what it can potentially look like. But I was able to like see past it and really build up this dream of what the space can feel like, right? So, we did that and I took the space and I paid like some of the first like real money that I got to see. I paid to break a lease with that money. So, it was a huge risk and a huge gamble. And I remember finishing building the space and I felt and I
[00:32:35] thought this was my this was my thought process. Okay. If we were getting 800 people a day in the old space on Broadway and Bleecker, the idea was for me to have 300 people come a day and for me >> it. >> Yeah. And and how it's No, not so much the conversion rate. It was about the service. What kind of relationships do we want to have with the consumer coming in? I wanted to maintain the the relationships we had when I was a small space in the back of Atrium and it was one-on-one. We were able to build relationships with the consumer. Then we expanded and we were getting the traffic coming in from Broadway, not Bleecker. And that changed it changed the dynam the dynamic and I was like, "Okay, I want to get 300 people in the space a day." So in the middle of building the space, which took a year longer maybe because they they literally took down all of the brick and rebuilt it and had to maintain the look of the building. And through the process of rebuilding it, I was I started to get like really nervous around us being able to maintain the traffic I needed to even break even.
[00:33:36] >> And for context, too, this is obviously you're reinvesting in the brand to start. This is finally you maybe took some chips off the table and now you're reputting those chips back in to take this big bold bet. >> I never took the chips off the table. They by the way, and this is something that people should know, I've never taken the chips off the table. The only way we've gotten to be as big as we are is I've always put the chips back in. I've been fortunate enough where I made investments early on now. Yeah, I I make a paycheck, right? But in terms of a profit share, all of the profit has gone back into the company. That's how we've been able to grow. >> That's a nice balance sheet. I know that balance sheet looking nice. >> Yeah. So, so like the capex yearly for us in building these stores and building offices and you know our expenses are are it's substantial, right? And and I'm proud to say that we've been able to do it self-funded, right? So, pouring the money back into the business here, building this building, and then before opening the building, I was like I was
[00:34:36] petrified that we wouldn't have the traffic. So, here's an example of like where I thought we wouldn't make it. But the second month after we opened, I was already getting the same traffic we did on Broadway in a space that was supposed to get literally I wanted a third of the traffic. Now we're getting the same traffic and then from there we've surpassed the traffic that we were getting on Broadway and that that was changing literally changing human behavior for people to walk north of Hston on Lafayette. I was really worried about that and and honestly that move in that specific location in that building is what helped the brand grow. Without that location, without that global flagship, I don't think it is what it is today. >> Yeah. I think so many people and I miss they underestimate having the wrong person wear your stuff or being in the wrong location. It could be the it could do the complete opposite for you. Like I remember I forgot which brand they actually paid Mike the situation from Jersey Shore to wear the competitor's brand. So I feel like maybe you were
[00:35:37] getting just the wrong customer or not, you know, so you moved. >> Yeah. And it wasn't it wasn't necessarily the wrong customer and and that's not the way we thought about it. It was the the inability to build relationships with the customer. But when you think about opening a location where it becomes destination on Lafayette because there was no walking traffic there. Really? There was no walking traffic between Bleecker and and Great Jones. >> You sound like Grutman with Miami. He took a bet on some kind of adjacent neighborhood early. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> And it paid off huge. >> Yeah. I mean, look, this was still one block away from or two blocks away, you could say, with Crosby >> is is is a lot in New York. >> It is. But but my my the point of the story is in saying this is like the challenges that you need to overcome typically, you know, in becoming a successful business, you're going to need to be uncomfortable and you're going to need to throw up a few times. And I did. And I've had sleepless nights. You know, my my wife can attest to this. She's been like my guardian
[00:36:38] angel. Also, without her, I don't think any of this is possible, too, cuz you need you need the support emotionally to get through a lot of this [ __ ] And I've been through a lot. And I I think that and I've had this conversation with multiple people, you know, some one of my favorite people to speak to about [ __ ] that's going down and what I currently am thinking at the time is Marcus Troy. He's one of my favorite people. And he's since the beginning. >> Great artist been, you know, he's he's been a friend since the very very beginning and knows me before I started Kith. And that's someone that will keep me honest and also give me his opinion that really matters. >> That's the blog OG. >> Yeah. and and be and be levelheaded, you know, and and I think that, [sighs] >> you know, it's a conversation that I have I've had multiple times with a few people recently on how the end result of what we do makes it look too easy or it's too sometimes it looks
[00:37:38] polished in a way and that's what we do. Like we're so interested in giving you the best content around product where the product looks we maximize the potential of what it could look like. And the problem with that sometimes it's not a problem. It's just it's just the bystandard of it that we make it look easy because you don't see the struggle and the challenges it takes to to get from ideiation to completion. And there's so many hands, you know, like when I'm in a in a design meeting today, you know, and the kind of people, the positions that are involved in bringing product from A to Z, it's it's massive. It's like you know thinking about from design direction which is me to designer to assistant designer to production to development to merchandising
[00:38:38] to uh you know and from the production side you have then logistics. It becomes layered but it doesn't it doesn't impact the creativity around the product. What it does is it impacts how complex it can be to ship product globally to make product in time for a season globally. How many sample rounds will you see? How many times do we get to fit the product? Like how many times will we get to change or will we get to change? Not how many times but will we get to change the fabric once we see the fit? So there there's countless hours and energy and time being committed by so many people at the brand to deliver this product. But the the what people see is the finished you know is the finished product in the content roll out which we spend also a lot of time and energy on where people forget that it takes this much work to get it done and it does take a lot of work. Like people will look at a hoodie
[00:39:39] or a t-shirt and think okay like they put a logo on a [ __ ] hoodie and no man like no like if you look at for I'll give you an example. If you look at the sunfaded hoodie that we just released for for the Yankees or we're releasing this week but by the time this comes out it would have released. the process that it took to get that right. There's six samples in the process of getting that fade to look right, so it doesn't look blotchy, so the color is perfect, so the embroidered logo is perfect, so the fit is perfect. It's like people assume that it's just like do this on that and get X in return. But it's way more complex than that. Even with the more simple blocks and product that people take for granted. >> Yeah, there's a massive team in each one of those kind of sub buckets. >> Materials, silhouettes, the f not only about the team, which is super important. just the amount of steps and hours it takes to make a product and a
[00:40:40] garment and a and a sock or a tea like it's it's not a you know here's a block apply this fabric and this color and and call it a day even when you apply and this is by the way I'll give you a little 101 some of the biggest brands in the world you'll go into that brand whether it's a fashion house or or a store in the mall doesn't matter from from the lowest to the highest in terms of price point. You'll walk in and you'll try a shirt on and it won't fit you. And then you'll say, "Oh, it just it's not made for my body type. That's why it doesn't fit." But no, that that's not true. At some point, that body in that block, let's say the name of the style is Henry. You you're trying on a Henry button-down. That's what it's called. At one point that Henry block fit, but they changed a fabric. And when they changed the fabric, they didn't refit it. So, you know, if if you take a
[00:41:40] heavier fabric, all of a sudden that piece is going to lay different on you. And I'm telling you for a fact that a big percentage of the brands don't refit with different fabrics and they use the same block. It happens a lot. We don't skip those steps, you know. And I'm such I'm such a stickler for this [ __ ] And, you know, I I've also been the fit model for so many years. >> I was going to mention that. That's [ __ ] psycho. >> I spend, you know, I'm I I've now, and this is with within the last year, I've taken a step back from fitting every product. I still fit, but I don't fit every single men's product. But I would fit four hours a week, 3 to four hours a week. It got to the point where like I was spending so much time on it that it was affecting everything else I was doing. So, but my point is for years, I'm talking about for 13 to 14 years of our 15 year existence, there was a consistent eye on the fit of every
[00:42:41] single skew we put out. So when when you walk in to a kit store and you're trying on the product and obviously there are some products that are meant to fit slimmer and some that are meant to fit cropped, but every product that you see there has been fit for the fabric and that is something that a lot of brands skip on. >> Yeah. People don't, you know, if it's 50/50 cotton poly versus 7030, it's a completely different drape on the body. >> Yeah. But yeah, but also you'll apply like an Oxford to a shirt and then change it to wool and not refit it because you know that the block worked for you before. So a lot of these brands are taking shortcuts. That's the thing is like that's what I mean by you know so many people don't realize the amount of work that we put in and love and time and tender love and care into product is everything man. A lot of passion in his eyes there. I saw it through the glasses there. Tender love and care. >> Yeah. And by the way, I have a sensitivity to light, which is why I always wear sunglasses, which people [ __ ] you know, have a lot to say about that. >> Yeah, no issues, bro. Live your life,
[00:43:41] bro. >> No, thank you, man. >> Stay comfy over there. >> That's what I'm saying. [ __ ] you. >> Ronnie F. Margin profile. Top down or bottom up? Is it just build the best [ __ ] and then I need to hit this margin profile for the MSRP? >> No, it's it's a lot simpler than that. Give people more than what they pay for. That's the motto. So, like for example, if we feel like we could sell a product for double what I could sell it for, I won't do it just cuz I could. So, it's this is and this has a lot to do with this is a merchandising exercise. And I have someone who's been with me for a long time. His name is Alex. He's great at what he does. We sit down with every single item. [clears throat] I'm still doing the buy. Like I'm I I'm I'm sitting down for like at times it could be four hours, five hours a week where I'm buying the product, looking at the product, pricing the product. So during the buy, we go through the pricing and we're deciding like what what the garment should cost
[00:44:43] based on the cost of the goods, you know, but the goal always in every product that we make is to give the consumer more than what they pay for. Now, some consumers, they have a skewed perception as to what things should cost. >> Yeah. >> And that has to do with what they're seeing from fast, you know, fast fashion or other retailers that are selling product for a lot less based on a the quantity that they're buying and b the fit and the quality of the fabrics. Like, there's a lot that goes into it. So, a t-shirt is not a t-shirt and a hoodie is not a hoodie. And I give you the lowest form of of of product to understand what I'm saying. >> I mean, your your TE's are heavyweight. Like, you know, they're not little crap all style 1301's like, it's legit. >> And it's not only about the fabric weight, it's also about the construction of the of the of the product, too, and where the product is made, you know? So, a lot of our products, a lot of our t-shirts come from Peru, and a lot of our fabrics are very expensive. And I
[00:45:44] like the hand feel of these of of a lot of the t-shirts that we make because you know Peruvian cotton is amazing but also we don't only make t-shirts in Peru for some of the t-shirts that we make in Asia in China the washes are very important too and people have this misconception about China like China makes amazing product amazing product you know and China has the capabilities of making products that a lot of other countries don't You know, so this misconception around where the product is made. There are great factories in a lot of these countries that may, you know, be perceived as a less expensive make, but it's it's all about quality control, the fabrics that you're using, the construction. Like there's a lot more that goes into it. It's like people that talk about product, the end result of product, but not understanding what goes into it. You know, when I was when I was younger at David Z and we were working on the Sabbago product, I flew to DR where the
[00:46:46] product was made to learn and I spent three weeks in the factory going from one station to the next and literally spending the time with the factory employees to learn how to make the footwear. I spent three weeks learning how to make it and then working on the line in each one of the lines which were doing you know they serve different purposes. One is like stitching the upper. The other one is cementing the upper to the sole. The other line is literally hand sewing the mock stitch. So I got to learn the process of making a shoe from A to Z. I can make a shoe from A to Z given the right machinery. Ronnie the cobbler. Let's go. >> Yo, but but the problem is like I could speak to it because I know it. >> Yeah. >> Right. The problem becomes when people speak to to product and they don't know how the product is made. And today you could learn about that. >> Dude, it's so crazy. Like people don't understand like a simple t-shirt. Yeah. >> Like you could give a silhouette that
[00:47:47] you like go in and like you know what they do? They It's like the manila folder that thing and they and they outline it. Like I've gone in and like built my own t-shirts. >> Yeah. It's not that hard to start to get kind of down the initial stuff. It's a lot of fun. That's a great piece of advice for people out there to to take is like think about how much you learned in those three weeks in that factory. You you know there's a store in Japan in in Tokyo that only sells white t-shirts and there's a thousand different bodies of a white t-shirt. >> That's that idea that that guy had. I'm a I'm a silhouette guy, bro. >> Yeah. So, >> can you shout out the name of that store? Yeah. >> I don't I don't know the name. Someone someone was telling me about it and it's like my closet like when I go and I start shopping reference shopping and I go vintage shopping and I also I want to understand the market also for and you have to to know where you sit the context of where you sit and what we do. If you look at
[00:48:47] and kin, which is our more elevated price point, more expensive fabrics, we have like five different fits of t-shirts. >> I got to look into this. I don't know about this. >> Yeah. So, you could really like geek out and your favorite. You could go to the store and that's what I would recommend is going to the store and trying on all these different fits and they're different weights, too. I'm wearing one of them today under this jacket and I obsess. I obsess over that. And and those are the things and people are gonna watch and probably think to themselves like a t-shirt's a [ __ ] t-shirt. I'll go to [ __ ] Unilo. >> You're talking to the wrong guy. I'm with you on that, man. I'm searching right now for a good wide semi crop right now. >> There you go. >> I can't really find it. >> Liv, can you please send him the LXT? >> Yeah, we got we got to talk about that. >> Send him the send him the white Puma Pima Cotton LXT. >> Is that from Peru? The Pima Peru. >> Yeah, you're going to you're going to like that. >> Nice. >> You're going to like that. We're going to pop them up and give them a shout. >> Yeah. There you go.
[00:49:47] >> All I care about is the silhouette and just make sure the wash is good after the fact. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. And and and that's why that's why I travel to Japan a lot. And that's >> Please give them game on Japan cuz I just went to Tokyo for the first time. >> Holy [ __ ] What was I doing with my whole existence? >> I'm looking at buying a space there now. Like buying an apartment there. Um >> that's a tough but rational negotiation with your wife. my wife. >> And by the way, that's exactly what it is, [laughter] >> dude. That That's My wife, she loved it. She got sick, actually. We're going to go back soon. Yeah. Just there's a couple blocks there. I don't know the names of the blocks. >> Sure. >> We spent so much time in there. >> Yeah. >> It is incredible. >> It's It's my It's my happy place. You know, Junior has gotten to show me, you know, Junior is my best friend. He's the director of the business out there in Japan. I know him for 17, 18 years now. And I've gotten, you know, I'm lucky enough to have a friend who really takes care of me when I go there and shows me
[00:50:48] things that I've never seen before and sets up my itinerary and, you know, I get to see it through his eyes, which is, I think, so important when you go there is to have the right person to, you know, to show you around. But it it really it taught me it made me such a more purposeful collector and there's so many things that I collect that I don't talk about or show people because I do it for myself and it really >> was a couple. >> You're not a golf guy. I I a watch guy. >> No, I I am a watch guy. I I'm obviously and people have seen my collection, my my car collection with the BMWs that I've gotten very obsessive over, but I also I'm one of the biggest footwear collectors in the world, you know, and and that started at a very young age since '95, but I do it I do it for me, you know. I'm still buying on average probably six to eight pairs of shoes on eBay a week. And and it's and it's
[00:51:50] product from like the early 2000s DS. What's the latest shoe that you bought that you're excited about? >> I just bought a pair, two pairs of Croc Hroshi HDMs, Air Force Ones. Nice. >> There's a white pair and a brown pair that I bought. I had multiple people looking for them. So, I actually might buy another set now. I already own a set, so I bought a second set. like and the these are things that I just I I I need to have because it it represents a time that I think helped build a category or, you know, a culture. The time that helped literally build a culture. And I don't buy it for value and I don't buy it to ever think I'm going to sell it. It's a weird thing because I don't buy it to wear them because a lot of these products you can't even wear anymore. It's a strange It's a strange hobby that I have that I have to >> Do you have like a museum setup though? Is it aesthetically beautiful? >> No, I have No, it's it's it's a it's a
[00:52:51] couple of storage units. Um >> that's Ronnie's weakness. He's hoarding the shoes in the storage units. Those storage units will get you too incrementally bumped that price up. >> Yes, they did. And and then I had to temperature control it and all that. But like honestly, it's what makes me who I am, I would say, you know, and and I'm I'm really a product of that environment back then. And I'm trying to carry that torch forward, you I'm trying I'm trying to do what I can and I have a couple of projects lined up that I think will speak to that era more than anything in the past decade to really shine through because things have gotten a little muddy in the category. And >> by category you mean footwear? >> Yeah. I I would say like for special footwear I think a lot of people are buying products for the wrong reasons. And I want to bring substance back to product in a way where you know people start and and there are elements of that. I can't speak to it now but there
[00:53:52] are ways that we are we're spending a lot of time thinking about how to create community with of like-minded individuals to buy products for the right reasons and care about products for the right reasons. And I just want I want people to get back to that mindset where they're buying it for themselves and not for anything else. >> I want to round out the product side with just a very simple question on both the footwear side and then let's just call it the garment side. Let's just say there's a guy out there that wants to get your attention. He's doing $3 million a year. Maybe it's footwear, maybe it's apparel. He chose you. >> Yeah. >> The shoe. What are the first three things you look at? What are you evaluating on the shoe side and the garment side? >> I know you're meticulous and psycho on the details. >> I am. It depends on the brand for what I'd look for, right? Because I think different brands serve different purposes of the end result and the emotion that you're supposed to have towards product. How true to the DNA? Like how how true are they to the DNA of the brand? Like did you try to make
[00:54:53] one brand appear as another brand? Did you try to over like embed your DNA with their DNA? >> Yeah. or or or like you know overshadow did you try to overshadow their the DNA of what makes that brand special or what made you like that brand in the first place right so some people overdesign and that becomes an issue where it might look familiar but you're not getting enough of the brand in return and I think that with the amount of brands that I've been able to work with my love for those brands need to be evident in the product that I build, right? So, like >> how much of it does it have to be kind of embedded in the product versus in the storytelling and content and go to market around it? >> I think it's both. You know, I think today and things have changed, you know, like times have changed, but what I would say I think in today's world 50% of the reason people buy anything is the
[00:55:54] product and then the other 50% is is the storytelling and the content around the product. You know, I walked into a store. I I would say I buy product 100% of the time for 100% of the product. Anything else is complimentary and is a cherry on top. But I walked into a store. I just came back from Portland last week and I walked into a store called Mackis, which is a great store out there. >> It's been there a long time. >> Yeah, it's been there. It's been there a long time and they're great. I thought that their their shop was a breath of fresh air for me because I didn't know 80% of the brands that were in there and I still spent a lot of money and bought a lot of product for myself cuz I'm still that guy. Like I don't need to know the brand. I need the product to be incredible. So I tried on a bunch of stuff and I loved a bunch of stuff and it's still this many years later I still get that excited you know about product that I'm seeing for the first time which was refreshing. Is that
[00:56:54] what it's all about? Is that like if you again I was mind blown when we're we're gonna guys we're going to get into the collaborations and the licenses shortly. When I was talking to Austin I thought you had this like crazy system in place and how you kind of go to market and he said a lot of it is kind of feel and kind of what we talked about earlier is who said that >> Austin said a lot of it was was feel and based on Austin >> yeah based on your taste and your judgment which we obviously talked about earlier in the in the conversation. So I guess what is your goal when someone buys a product from you? If you had to kind of whittle it down to is it a feeling? Is it an emotion? Someone buys a product from you, they open the box. >> It's meant >> What is a perfect situation for you? >> Well, it's meant to do a few different things. The first thing it's meant to do is be special. Meaning like everything that we do I want to do in a limited in a limited number so that when that person that buys the product either goes to work or goes to school the person next to them most likely is not wearing that same product. Right? So that's one
[00:57:56] thing is scarcity will always be a form of luxury. And I think that a lot of these luxury brands, >> regardless of MSRP, too. Scarity is scarcity. >> Nothing and nothing to do with price. >> Yeah. >> Part of luxury is knowing that you're one of few people that have a product. That's part of luxury. Scarcity has always been that. I mean, look at watches and cars. And that's I'm not I'm not that this is not new. What I'm saying isn't new. But I think that a lot of these luxury brands have gotten carried away and opened too many spaces in too many cities where they've lost the scarcity model where a lot of the people that were coming to some of these fashion house stores were feeling they felt really special walking in because it wasn't everywhere. So I think a portion of why people were buying into those products and feeling special was the scarcity model within these luxury brands. So I think there's a new form of luxury now where it's not based on the on the price point it's
[00:58:56] based on the emotion you know so and that emotion isn't one emotion it's multiple so first is the purpose of walking into the space then it's the product that you're gravitating towards then it's buying the product and what you feel afterwards right if you can get great use out of the product you know you know what a lot People tell me a lot of the fans of the brands are like when I wear a Kith product so many people ask me about the product and these are the products a lot of these products are the ones that are not branded or have small branding where they're being asked about the product for the look and feel of the product not >> that's the that's the that's the warmest compliment for you. >> Yeah. And I and I and I love that and and by the way it happens and I'm I'm now in the stage of my life where I'm not wearing a lot of logo driven product. So you know the andkin portion of the line is where I am currently in my life where the product Ankin is not branded. It's all unbranded. So my point in saying that is you need to feel like
[01:00:00] the product is different in in more ways than one. You don't have anything in your closet that looks and feels like it. It's worth to you more than the money that you spent. So that was the idea that I mentioned before is like you want to make product that goes above and beyond for value. Value is a word that's been destroyed by down market retailers. But value is so important, right? It's like getting more than what you pay for is like I feel like a lost mindset when really it's like you'll figure it out. Some people figured out later like you got like 30 wares out of a piece and then you're like oh [ __ ] >> Advertise and you're like wow this cost me like a dollar per wear. >> Oh [ __ ] It's like you know that that was actually like that was more than worth what I paid for it and you'll figure it out later, right? But I'm trying to give people that mindset before they purchased a product. I want people to think about that before they purchase something, you know, and not only my product. I want to get people in
[01:01:00] that mindset for anything they buy. Getting more than what you pay for is huge. Like even for me as a consumer of product today, that's what I look for no matter what I'm buying. I want to know that I'm going to get more than what I pay for the product. Like I'm I'm going to get more than the money that I pay for it. >> Feel that and probably know in the back of your head what the cogs are. And you're going to be like, "Did these [ __ ] jack me up?" Yeah. >> Like 200% markup on this [ __ ] >> But you know what? It you know it it depends on your value to that product. for example, like the products that I'm buying on eBay right now from the early 2000s. >> Oh, those are that's different. That's >> Oh my Oh my god. >> It's like, you know, I I can't think about what it costs to make that product. So, for some people, >> that's the scarcity. >> Exactly. Exactly. So, for some people, it depends on what it's worth to them, how much they're going to wear it, what they're going to wear it with, what it's going to make them feel. And I try to be connected to that. I try to be as connected as possible to that to make
[01:02:00] people feel great about what they're purchasing. And by the way, if you don't want to purchase it, that's okay. It's like the the space is there. Ronnie's is there. Sadel's is there. Treats is there. You don't have to buy an item. You could spend $7, $9 on an ice cream or [snorts] 20 bucks on a sandwich at Ronny's and and feel like you're also part of the world. Like it I don't need people to feel like they need to buy anything. >> It's lethal that you have so many vehicles. And guys, this is called consumer surplus. It's an economic term. We talk about it a lot in the Peter Rahal episode from David Protein. I completely agree. He's obviously looking at it on on like the protein bar side. I think something also which makes this again giving you kind of more leverage and ability to think how you think. You know, you talked about opex before is you don't spend on [ __ ] marketing. So your margin profile can be significantly lower and good. >> We don't sp we hold on. >> No, no, you don't spend on like meta. >> We don't sp we don't spend on paid marketing. Let's just let's just talk about that right now. Yeah. Why?
[01:03:02] >> Um because we don't have to. >> Because we don't have to, you know, like >> you could double up. That topline revenue could double up with a little bit of matter, bro. >> You know what? Maybe. But I'm not interested in in doubling up. I'm interested in people organically connecting to the brand, creating their own emotion to the brand, and not having an emotion created for them. when you're pitched your algorithm with paid ads, and I'm not saying it's never going to happen. When there is a form that I feel is authentic and organic, then I will I'll, you know, I'll I'll do some research on it and I'll I'll see if I feel like it's right for me. But at the time, right, you know, at this time, at this current moment, I think that people are curious enough as to what we're doing that they want to know what we're doing. The minute the curiosity goes away, we're going to be in we're going to be in a shitload of trouble, you know, and a lot of brands are lacking that curiosity from the consumer.
[01:04:02] >> You could argue that that's kind of the first step towards the grave. It's like when you go into wholesale, like when you're in Bloomies or Nordstrom's and you go down to Zooies or Paxon, you're [ __ ] When you're in Zooies or Pakistan, you go to Walmart and Target, you're [ __ ] Yeah. >> Then you go into Offress, you're [ __ ] >> Well, you know, listen, you have so many levers to pull that you have not pulled any of these levers. >> Yeah. So, you know, I I wouldn't I wouldn't label it as [ __ ] because some some >> You're closer to an ABG leverage buyout. 100%. [snorts] >> No, no. Listen, listen. I I hear what you're saying. >> Yeah. >> Every every brand serves a purpose. You know, every founder or buyer of a brand, even if it's not the original founder that's running the company, they all will have their own path as to what they're trying to achieve. Some are more businessoriented and have to hit a number and some are doing it for the right reasons, which I consider to be passion, you know, around creation of product.
[01:05:02] I'm really passionate about what I do. I love what I do. So my my purpose is different from it needing to be about dollars and cents. And this is what people this is what what people need to also understand listening to this. If I wanted to spend a fourth of what I spend on my doors on my stores I can and the product will continue to sell I believe at the same rate. We're spending more than some luxury houses on our on our spaces, you know, and that's between a,000 to like $1,300 a foot on the space that we build. And this is not from the ground up. This is when you're given a vanilla box, we call it, right? That decision has puzzled my CFO, right? and continues to do that, but is so embedded in what I try to do. I'm trying to give people a space where they could come in
[01:06:02] and be inspired. And I'm trying to build a space around great product where it's complimentary to the product I'm trying to build. I'm also trying to give myself room to grow into an aesthetic with product that I build. So, I'm trying for like the spaces to have no ceiling in terms of aesthetic and feel so that the product can continue to evolve without feeling like it's out of place. >> I do feel like over the years it's gotten more minimalist in nature. Kind of keeping it more open to >> Yeah. >> to adjust. >> It is. But it's always going to be beautiful. And that's the key, right? Like the key for me is to build spaces where people come in and it feels like you're walking into a special space. You know, it took you know what it it took me a it took me a while to get used to walking into my Soho space after I rebuilt it, you know, and you know, people I just posted something for the 15-year retrospect on photos throughout the years. This is like the latest post
[01:07:02] I put up with the carousel. And I see people's like reaction to that. They're so emotionally invested into the spaces throughout the years. It's incredible cuz they grew up with the spaces, right? Like >> I think about the wood. I think about the Air Force ones hanging. I think about the white crystal. I think about all that. >> Yeah. Yeah. And and and that has evolved. You know, that's no longer part of our aesthetic. >> But it's but it's embedded in your mind because you associated your experience in the shop, you know, with the product that you purchased. It's like it goes hand in hand. And even if >> I cannot say that about many brands to be completely frank with you. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. And and I think that that's that's a that's a big part of it. But as we expand regionally, that core purpose stays intact of what the spaces need to achieve. >> You got to also tell your CFO, I mean, obviously you guys are spending on your website, but your stores are basically like your website. >> Yeah. >> It's like you're investing in your website, which there's a big budget for that. So, I understand what you're doing there. >> Yeah. You see, but you're trying to you're trying to create a formula for the reason formulaic nature. I know for
[01:08:03] the reasoning behind some of these some of these decisions that I'm making where for me it's it has nothing to do with the formula, you know, it's it has it has nothing to do with that. It has to do with what is the greatest space that we can build today? How far can we take this thing? People people often will try to put you in a box to say this is what you should be because that's what they've seen in the past. So you do anything beyond the four walls they try to box you in box you into if you do anything beyond that it's confusing to them because they don't understand the purpose until they experience it. So so it's it's you know it's it's very interesting to understand what dictates the journey and the path. The journey needs to be dictated by purpose, by being purposeful and thoughtful, you know, and that is that is ultimately how I want to think about the future is every move and decision that I make
[01:09:04] needs to, like you said before, I'm in the 15-year mindset today because we have a book coming out in September, but I really am on the 18 to 20 year mindset like I need to think about what we grow into. You know, >> you're thinking about that now and especially the day after this comes out. It's on to >> and it's not a for it's not a formula. It is a feeling. And Austin, you know, he's been around me for so many years. He understands when it's time to pivot and change direction. It's because the brand is forcing us to do so. Not because we're thinking like I'm thinking for I'm not thinking for myself. I'm thinking for the brand. At this point, the brand has a brain because it's been consistent for 15 years. I am. And when you when you are a creative director, it's one thing, but when you've also when you're the founder, creative director, I am now thinking for the brand. I need to do the brand justice with the decisions that I make, you know. So, it's not it's not formulaic. It's building blocks. It's like when when I try to push everything forward, you know, we need to be militant in decision making to make sure
[01:10:06] that the brand is we're maximizing the potential but by doing it tastefully. And is doing that those Monday programs, those weekly draws, does that kind of force you to always have that exercise and thinking through how do we avoid that complacency? Monday the Monday program when you I don't know how many years it's been now. It's has to have been now like at least eight years of releasing product. >> Insane. >> You know, 52 times a year. And the purpose of a Monday program sometimes is the appetizer which I like what it's and it's continuously the purpose of that has continuously changed because that's what Monday program was built for. It was a maluable idea of like hey like we we have this Yankee collection dropping the end of the week on the Monday. Let's give them the accessory portion or the lifestyle portion of that, right? and get them ready for and and it's it
[01:11:06] stands for then part of the roll out but also part of you know the release strategy. >> That's the one layer of predictability is that is is at least that your audience can expect that every Monday they could wake up and something new and fresh from Kithak. >> Yeah. And I think that that's important and sometimes it could be two hats and sometimes it could be one t-shirt and sometimes it could be an entire collection of product. So we look at the calendar and study the calendar very carefully to think about bandwidth and think about the journey that people are taking throughout the year and following us with the amount of content that we're throwing at them. But ultimately like I want to I want to do everything I can not everything I should. So, it's like I I I have to I have to then position myself and the brand to be able to do that in a way where people can digest it in the best way possible. So, it's it's a it's a Rubik's cube, you know, and the the calendar is a really a Rubik's cube because product is always shipped late from brands. Things have to move around. I have to sometimes sell product before
[01:12:08] I receive it in my warehouse knowing that I'm getting it next week. I'll sell it and then it'll take 14 days to ship it out or get to a consumer. And and we have to sometimes stay on calendar because one thing can affect it's a domino effect, you know, it could affect the rest of the year if I change things around. So, we try to be methodical like on a week-toeek basis of what's going to happen for a full year. Like I'm on next year's calendar and next year's planned out by the week, right? So, it then puts the content team in place to be making great decisions, to be creative and have enough time to do what they need to do. And then it has like the editing team on a schedule and on a calendar to be able to put this stuff up on the site. It has my experiential team in place to be able to throw these amazing events. Like, we have we have an event coming up very soon. Like by the time this comes out, it'll be like within the next two weeks. >> Drop it. Drop it. >> I can't. I can't. But people aren't
[01:13:09] ready. And people think I'm one thing or 10 things, but this will add to whatever they think. Like, and and and that's what I mean by like having so many different touch points for be able to be able to bring something to fruition. It's like maybe 80 people touch it internally. >> A lot of vessels you have. I mean it's cars, hospitality, kids clothes, high-end. >> We haven't talked about Ivy, which is great. The way Ronnie has built Kith is the blueprint for how you build an influential brand today. We put together a free PDF on Ronnie's playbook, why he hates paid marketing, why storytelling is king, and the reason he spends more on his stores than most luxury brands do today. Link down below in the description. enjoy the rest of the episode. >> I want to double click on on the collabs just because I think among other things like you're very well known and people have always tried to kind of duplicate your playbook there. Why don't you just put us on some game? You could pick any
[01:14:10] collab and just kind of walk us through what is that process? I know we talked about your individual taste. Yeah. >> But is it also in conjunction maybe it's you know Hasbro has its 50th anniversary coming like what is the holistic view on how Ronnie's brain thinks? I I I'll I'll walk you through one example which is BMW that just happened in Pebble Beach. So when we first started with BMW, the idea was when when I sat down with Toby who flew in from Germany from BMW and asked me, "Why do you love the brand?" And I'm like, "It's it was a poster on my wall." You know, like my grandfather had an M3, an E30, and I fell in love with it. And it then became this aspirational item that I had to have, you know, the car. And I had and then, you know, funny enough, later in life, I was able to get a 330. You know, this is when I worked for David, the later years working for David, I was able to lease a 330, but build it. You know, it was a white with a red interior. And I love
[01:15:11] the car, obviously. But the idea was, "Hey, like I love the E30 M3. Can we do something with the E30M3?" He's like, "Well, you know, we have an M4 coming soon." And in the lineage of what the M3 meant, it obviously is the future, you know, body style of the M3 cuz the M3, the twodoor became the M4 and then the M3 became the four-door. So, the idea was this past and present story. And I I give you that example because I always try to think in those terms of the educational part of the of of the project, which is teaching people why the E30M3 was so important. We know it's a cultural icon, >> but to you as well, too. The personal story obviously, I think, brings it to a whole other level. >> And and that's that's a portion of it, but that's a smaller portion of it. The the the cultural relevance of the E30M3, where did it come from? Well, the E30M3,
[01:16:11] you know, won a bunch of races and was such an important such an important car in the portfolio, like what it meant to put a race car on the street and make it a street car, right? And and then what it did for the brand and what it did for M. So when I went to Germany and I got to see, you know, the history of BMW and and the lineage of the specific car, the 3 series, I knew that that story had to be told. So Johnny Chakoto, which was the race car driver that used to drive the E30M3 and won a bunch of trophies with it, I put him on the racetrack with his son and I had them both drive the E30 M3 and the M4 on the same track and it was to tell this like past and present story. So the the apparel and the lifestyle product that we then sell is an extension of people who either can't afford to buy the car or want to buy the car plus
[01:17:11] that. But it's letting people into the culture of what BMW stands for. And I'm heavily invested into the brand because I learned so much about it. If anyone was in my shoes in Germany and got to see what I see, they'd be the biggest fans of the brand, too, right? So, it's my responsibility, I feel like it's my responsibility doing what I do to transfer over the knowledge and the feeling that I have when I do certain things. So, my goal is to be able to transfer that. Why? Why do I care so much about that? I don't [ __ ] know. Like I don't know why I want to transfer that emotion, but I've always since a kid wanted to put, you know, like when you're when when when we were younger and we'd hear like we'd buy a mixtape, we'd hear a song, like we'd buy a clue tape and I'd hear like a Foxy Brown freestyle that I loved over a Jamaican beat. And for some reason, I
[01:18:12] had to like make everyone listen to that song and be like, "Yo, you got to hear this [ __ ] This shit's crazy." like why do we want to put people on to those things? Well, whether it's a track on a mixtape or now on a larger stage where I could like teach people about the history of a BMW automobile, it's like to me it's the same kind of transfer of emotion. So, I want to I want as many people as possible to to explore those feelings and to know what I know. So that that's that that that now is a big part of the purpose of what I do. I'm also 44 and like at this point or this stage in my career like this is a legacy mode of like what I could do to transfer emotion you know and I do think that Kith spaces and for people that are spending their weekends or time coming to the Kith store like I do think that I'm helping people making people happy. If you see people eating Kith treats every single
[01:19:13] person will smile after a bite. And that was the that was the goal with get treats, right? Standing outside of Brooklyn with the first window, like the first window. I was just like the store it was the for the opening of the Brooklyn store. But I was outside just curious about what people's reaction would be to tasting this cereal infused ice cream, which was like the the [snorts] invention of that that didn't exist before I did what I did. So like watching people's reaction and seeing them smile, it made my it I didn't care what happened inside the space I spent so much time building. That was like such an important moment for me. >> That is the KPI is the feeling. >> That's right. >> Yeah. >> Wow. >> It's the feeling. >> That's a bar. Save that one. >> I mean, that's what it is. >> That's great. That's exactly what it is. >> So, you've done so many of these collabs and again, kind of going back to what you said earlier is we just see the end product. >> Yeah. >> No one knows. I mean, I've done tons of licensing deals as well, too. I'd love for you to just share the red flags, the green flags. What do you look for? Again, putting aside the
[01:20:13] this is the taste of Ronnie [ __ ] but then everything else. >> Yeah. I mean, there's so >> and you'll see the final edit of this. Don't worry about it. You'll see the final edit of this. I mean, anything. >> That's okay. Listen, um I don't want you to cut anything out. You know, sometimes I have this like >> this feeling in the middle of meetings where I'll stop and I'll be like, "Fuck, I wish everyone was here for this shit." You know, like I'll be in a meeting with a brand that first said no to something and then, you know, I'll sit down and I'll give you a good example of this. It was like, >> are they still saying no? Anybody? >> I mean, when when when I when I when I say that, I don't mean they're saying no to working together. >> No to a concept within the concept. >> No to an idea that makes them uncomfortable. >> Yeah, >> that happens a lot. should tell me the Kith Treats ice cream was probably a bad idea to outsiders, >> right? And I'll tell you how the Kith treats how Kith treats came about after this. It's pretty funny, but like how
[01:21:13] that came to be because originally it was supposed to be a white chocolate bread window. And I'll I'll give you the I'll give you the story around that. So, the reason why I say that is because it's important for people to know that some of the product and concepts behind product took three, four rounds of like having to convince a brand to allow me to do certain things, you know, like putting our logo in the BMW Rondell, that was an automatic no and then no, no, no, >> because they've never done before three more times after. Yeah. No, no, and and that's, you know, IP integration is a big part of the conversation for me is like how do we do something that's going to differentiate what you what you've already done? How how are we going to because a big part of the K DNA is to disrupt. It's just become a big part of what we do, you know. So, people have to see creativity, but also it needs to move
[01:22:13] the needle, right? And I think that when we met with Coca-Cola and we wanted to have Kith in the Coke font on a glass contour bottle, that was a [ __ ] no. [snorts] Right. In so many, they're tough >> in in in so many words. It was a no. Like, of course not. You can't do that. But then through conversation and through understanding the purpose of what I'm trying to do, brands will align because they understand the mutual benefit of a brand like ours and myself uplifting the DNA of the brand itself. Like not just trying to create something new. It also needs to speak to why, you know, Coca-Cola is such a great brand. It's a great American brand. So, I have this like Coca-Cola book that I bought in Japan. And going back to Japan, they're so good at upspecking what you would think is a dollar can of Coke into a lifestyle. Like the way that
[01:23:16] Japanese the the Japanese consumer looks at American brands in Japan is very different from here. They they they're able to build products around storytelling in ways that Americans couldn't even do it for themselves. So I I saw that like if you go to Japan, if you went to Japan 15 years ago and you bought a a Champion sweatshirt, it's like the Japanese Champion sweatshirts were like so much better and better made, better fit. just like those some of those retailers were taking product and spinning it and recreating it in a way that really made you respect the brand so much more. That's what I wanted to do for Coke. So, the bottle was one conversation, but what I was going to do within the context of the collection is like I want to make product for Coca-Cola that people have never seen, people have never felt. >> Are you communicating to them how you're communicating to me right now? >> Yeah, of course. >> Yeah, you're saying this these exact
[01:24:16] things like this. >> Of course. I mean, I am and I'm in every conversation that then builds the blueprint for what we do in the future. And that's why it's such long-standing relationships that we have is because they need to hear the intent from me cuz I'm creatively directing where we go. It's like they need to understand what my end goal is in working together. So in collaborations like being purposeful and trying to achieve something that hasn't been achieved in the past will be again a building block for that brand. So if I can there was a time and I truly believe this and right now it'll be hard for people to understand what I'm saying because we're not in a time today when we released the kind of product we did for a brand like Coca-Cola. But there was a time where if you asked my consumer, "What is the first thing you think about when I say Coca-Cola?" They may not say
[01:25:18] a can or a bottle in my at my deli or at a restaurant. They may say a different product. Can you imagine that? Can you imagine? I ask you, what's the first thing you think about when you think about Coca-Cola? And you say >> the collaborative product >> and you say the rugby that I bought. what that does for a brand is is priceless because then you expand the purpose of what you stand for. It's like and Coca-Cola is not just a beverage to me. There's so much equity in that IP where it could stand for so much more. The color, the feel. If you get this book of the history of Coca-Cola and you see like in the 70s what Coca-Cola meant to the US, like if you have like an ice cold Coke with a [ __ ] burger or a slice of pizza, you know what that does. >> We just hit that. We just said that felt good. I found it like a year. >> You know, you know what that does. So like, you know, so transferring that over to what that would mean on product outside of a beverage is to me the the most fun I can have is like then
[01:26:20] transferring it over to pro. Like BMW is the same thing. If I ask you, what's the first thing you think about BMW? If you just bought that orange leather jacket like and you don't own a BMW car, that may be the first thing you think about, you know, like >> this goes back to all those kind of ways to get them into the world. It's a net new >> Yeah, but getting getting someone into the Coca-Cola world isn't I don't need to do that. They already >> gotten them back into it to be completely frank. >> Maybe, but that's not that's not even the purpose. The purpose is to expand how they feel about it. >> Yeah. >> Right. That was the purpose in the conversation that I had is like, hey, like we can I really think of Coca-Cola as a lifestyle brand. I don't think about it as a beverage. And that was the spark that was like, hey, the the bottle is just part of the overall story. It's the context. It has to be the base of the story because that's why people have fallen in love with the brand, but I'm then going to give you a world around it. And that's an example. I know you asked me about collaboration. I just wanted to give you one example around h
[01:27:21] how we work and what we think about when we work with a partner is like I'm trying to tell the history of why I feel connected to the brand. That is the purpose of why we do what we do. What about these like trips that you're doing with a select group of people that you like known from childhood? Is that a big part of this? Because for me that has always just and it's subtle. It just further cements the story that you're talking about and it's just a net new vehicle that you see the story through that lens. >> I think that has been one of the most powerful things that you've done is that is that in those conversations do they want that? Do you ask for that? Two things about that. Number one, >> I am and if you ask my friends like any of my friends, they'll tell you that I'm like the glue or not even the glue but I'm the connector. So like all of my friends know each other through me and then the relationships that have been built in silos like have been because they met on some of
[01:28:21] these trips or because I've put them together and I've been fortunate enough to be part of so many friendships but more fortunate enough to create other friendships. And I and I love being that person that is able to connect like-minded individuals that can become even better friends than I am with that individual. So, Kif has been a platform for me where I can bring all my friends together and enjoy my life and friendships because I don't get to do that outside of work because I don't have time. So the brand has been a platform where I could do that and I and by chance and >> that is that is the meet up with the friends is like everyone's so busy that is the meet up >> that's exactly right and all of us are busy and ironically by coincidence all of us have become successful in our own right like with doing what we do you
[01:29:23] know so like if you go back in the history of some of our first trips like the amount of growth that all of us have had >> individually and collectively And if I go down the list one individual after the other, this is from day one. There haven't been new names on that list for a long time, you know. So they become influential. So seeing like for imagine like what we do when we take over a mountain in Hokkaido and we're 25 individuals and all of us are wearing the same ski kit and we take over the village like we're like walking around like skiing down the mountain all wearing the same kit. The influence that that has on people that are there is is it's insane, you know. And then the organic content. Nobody is told that they have to post anything. There's no hashtag. That shit's corny. There's no there's none of that, you know, like it's organic social that comes out of
[01:30:23] that because people love. First of all, if I take you to the spaces, you're going to love it. If I take you to Amaniri for and we take over the whole hotel and I put you in the product and we're hiking, you know, you're going to post that because that's what human behavior is now. you love doing what you're doing and you think some shit's cool, you're going to post it because that's what life is today. So, like that came organically. No one I haven't asked anybody to post anything ever. Like literally, ever. >> That backed into a good situation. That makes a lot of sense. It's just uh you know, one time a quarter, two times a year, you could just put a date on the calendar and everyone everyone could link up. >> And that's exactly what we're doing. And this one thing I'm speaking about that's happening very soon will be the [ __ ] pinnacle of that. We had to show up for the 15 years. So that's going to be the biggest the biggest I think it's going to be the biggest moment. It's definitely the biggest moment in my career. Yeah. So, I think it's going to be a big
[01:31:24] moment in fashion, you know, and I'm I'm really I'm really hyped about that because it takes it to takes so much to be able to get to the point where we can impact the culture in that way. So, I'm just I'm I'm excited for the position that we're in. Also, to be able to do things the way that we're doing them is it's not taken for granted. Like I'm very appreciative of the fact that I'm able to do that, you know, and and the team that I have and everybody around me that's like supporting me and able to bring it to fruition is key. >> When can we look out for that? >> It's it's the first week, first and second week of October. >> A collaboration you're proudest of. >> Giorgio Armani. Why? Because Giorgio was always the pinnacle for me, just the top of the pyramid for what he was able to build, the lifestyle and what he stood for, dressing some of the
[01:32:24] most important characters and some of the most amazing films. Being able to build a book for him when I met with him and having that conversation with him and then working on a few other projects with him before he passed. To me, that's the ultimate that was I think I think it's the most impactful and most important project of my career. >> I would say from the outside looking into it probably was the biggest jump in maturation from like an aesthetic perspective as well too as far as the the garment and product. Like I never looked at you under that lens. Yeah. >> That was for me that was like when I crossed the chasm to like I would buy stuff from him in that in that vehicle. >> Yeah. And and you're not, you know, you're not the first person to say that and I know that too. I know that that was the beginning of something new. >> Yeah. >> For again, >> I think Burgdorf was another one, too. When you went in there, I was like, "Okay, he's going in he's going into a whole other universe right now." >> Yeah. And and that's that's the thing is like I want to be able to work on the most
[01:33:27] aspirational [ __ ] to me personally, you know, and live through that with the brand, right? And and I think I think again like it's going to confuse certain people, but that's what it's meant to do. But it's gonna really affect like a different group of people that get into that crepe suit, the artist suit that I wear so often. I wear it like I wear any kit. Like such a comfortable suit, a double breasted shaw. Like it's perfect. >> I've never gone I' I've never gone that route. I might I might need to hit that. >> Yeah. I mean, listen, it's and and it made me and again, like it's the same thing like when there was mutual interest and by the way, there was mutual interest and a conversation that started three or four years before we put out that product. And it took that long for me to then meet with, you know, Mr. A. And it took a ton of education for me to
[01:34:28] think about what I was going to do, you know, and create the archetype of every guy that I thought Giorgio affected in his in in in that brands and his lifespan like for people that got into suits and the type of guy that got into suits throughout the years. I wanted to celebrate that. I wanted to celebrate that for him and with him, right? So, in that conversation that I had with him, like that was a very interesting and and and by the way, like not just because there's interest in working together doesn't mean that we're going to sit down and talk and he's going to like the idea or agree with the idea. And at first, he didn't really agree and love it until I went through the book and explained the purpose that it served and what I was trying to do by paying respects, you know, like paying respect to Giorgio through his history and his and you know because he
[01:35:29] turned 90 and the brand I think turned I don't remember the year you're going to have to check that but I think it was 50 and and I think I I think that be like people seeing it I think for the first time like seeing the history and like understanding what it was through my lens allowed people to then dive deeper. And I think that that's the purpose that it served is >> I don't think there was an awareness in like my cohort in my pocket. Like I didn't know much about George I I obviously know the logo. >> Yeah, of course. >> Um but I didn't know much past that. I was thinking cologne. Like I I I like >> Right. >> Yeah. >> Right. And and and the finest I I believe Georgio Armani is the finest garments in the world. Literally. And I and and that's that's the purpose of why I wanted to work together. >> Love that. Guys, we're going to finish up with some of those last collaborations. cuz I just want to round it out with some of this outside stuff outside of the core business. Outside of marrying your wife and having your kid, was there a [ __ ] better moment kids? >> Two girls. >> Was there a better moment than the Knicks winning the 2026 championship?
[01:36:32] >> I wouldn't say that one is better than the other. [laughter] [gasps] Honestly, everything that will happen after that moment is just a cherry on top. everything that will happen. >> So, you're good for life with the one chip. >> I'm good for life with the one chip. [laughter] >> I'm good for life with the one chip. >> Faces back. >> So, you're the creative director. Let's talk about that. What does that role actually look like? And I think that you were the beginning of this kind of evolution. Luigi Arsham where they're getting kind of these outside creatives to adjust the visual identity and more. It's a beautiful thing, you know, like getting people who are emotionally invested and who have a point of view. We've worked now like, you know, I think this is this year will mark the eighth collection. So, I've been working with the Knicks since way before
[01:37:34] they got good, let alone great, right? And to to me it's like New York City what New York what the Knicks represent for the city is everything that I feel the city is about and everything the city feels like to me is like represented by the Knicks you know and growing up you know with the 90s team >> Mason Starks gritty >> Mason Starks Yuing Oakley I mean it was that time again. Like everything you love when you're a kid, you're going to love for the rest of your life. I will love the Knicks for the rest of my life. Like no matter what, you know, unconditional love and we love them through their struggles. I I'm really happy that they're in a position that they're in now where they're getting the respect that they deserve, but more importantly, Jaylen Brunson is the best Nick of all time in my opinion, and we have such an incredible leader on that team,
[01:38:35] but also the personalities of the other players that I got to know, Cat and Hart, like and Deuce and Alvarado, like, yo, these guys are great guys, man. >> Alvarado is the Knicks, literally. I think I think I think some people would think that's outlandish. I saw it. You agree? >> Yeah. >> He's like just that gritty >> dude. He's so us. Like he's like from the city. Like he represents it. Puts the heart on his like >> he's very New York and I love that about the Knicks. Like I love that grittiness and that hustle from these players. But more importantly like I know these guys off the court and they're great guys. Like I just spent a good amount of time with Josh Hart out east. I've hung with him a bunch. >> He's such a >> great dude. >> Matt Hillman. Yo, great people, man. And that's that to me is more important than anything else. And also, you know, I think Jim Dolan is is a great owner. >> I do. >> We don't clip that one. >> I think he's a great owner.
[01:39:35] >> Why? >> Cuz he made the right decisions of putting the best in charge, you know? He made the right decisions for the team, you know? Like also like I feel like he loves this team so much, man. Like and and I know cuz I'm there. He's there at the games like invested in it, you know? He's not just a typical, you know, some of these team owners, they don't even watch the games the way that they should be, like with the interest of the win, like in the way that I see him. >> So it hurt when they were losing. It hurt him. >> It definitely hurt him. Definitely. just you don't see that all you you just saw trash for so long and obviously West and the new G like all of that coming in. >> I know but dude it's like dude it's when you this is New York City man like the amount of publicity you know good or bad that you're going to get in that position. It's nobody can [ __ ] deal with that you know like we won't I'm not going to get into any specifics but I will say this. I think
[01:40:37] the organization is a winning organization. It's it stands for, you know, the best of New York City and they have the people in charge right now between Wes and Leon that I think is the best leaguewide. I think they're the best tandem leaguewide. There's no one better. And what we put >> couple moves they made that >> what we put together to win a chip. Do you know how how crazy that was for like us to be in that position after a few just a few years before that? Like the craziest thing about it is it was so close to not only not working, but everyone being like he's the [ __ ] worst. Like I'm so happy what happened with Cat because Cat was literally so close to it going the other way. And now for me, I think Cat's a Hall of Famer now. >> I think he is right now if you actually look at his numbers. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. He's a champion now and he was a huge part of the championship. >> I I think so too. But also unlocking him the way that we did >> 100%. you know, like but but you know what, basketball aside, because you know, it's when you get to know these guys, basketball becomes secondary to
[01:41:38] these guys. They're like good people, you know, and and that's that's what I think makes a big difference. So, good on them. I really hope that this season is going to be just as good as last year's, if not better. We have an incredible collection coming this year as we do every year, but this year we're celebrating I could tell you that we're celebrating Walai Frraasier this year. >> Love that. >> And some of the imagery that you see like there's going to be some really cool [ __ ] that we do there. And we got a couple other really great moments lined up for the Knicks. So, I'm very excited about that. And being in the role, you know, you asked me a question like what does that entail? And it's, you know, we we we I meet with the team and we discuss the aesthetics and the digital content, what it looks like, what it feels like, and we discuss emotion. And that's very important, I think. >> Same lens as Keith. >> Yeah. We apply that that and that's what I that's what I'm there to do, you know, is to apply the same that same lens. >> Most surprising thing with working with
[01:42:39] the next What do you say it was? >> The chip. I mean like it's it's not it was it was an expectation that I think people had from the beginning of the season but it's surprising in a way where you know you see this many people come out the way they did and this the whole the whole city getting behind it in the way that they did like it's crazy to see cuz I mentioned it if you go back to the roommates podcast I mentioned that I thought that the Knicks were the most culturally relevant team in the world and then that that was way before they won the chip. And then you see what happened after they won the chip and then you see why. When the Knicks are good, the city is great. >> The NBA is great. >> Oh, the NBA that goes without saying the NBA is more than great. But the city, what the city felt like during that run, >> it was insane. And I I had it was [ __ ] up. But I had a a procedure done on my leg. I had melanoma at the time that they were winning in
[01:43:39] the chit. And I had to have surgery on my leg. So I couldn't make it. I I made it to I think it was game Yeah, I made it to game three and they lost that game, but I had to walk because [ __ ] Trump came and they shut down 20 square blocks and I wasn't supposed to walk on my leg and then I ended up having to walk like three miles to get to my seat and I was in so much [ __ ] pain, but it didn't matter. >> Well worth it. >> But then I didn't go to game four because they told me that they're shutting down around the arena again. So, I ended up watching it at Ivy and my friend Dan went with his kids and I remember at halftime he was like, "My kids are crying. They don't want to be here." I told them we can't leave. I was like, "Dan, place a [ __ ] bet. It's going to turn around. Trust me." And and they ended up winning. Um, >> OG game. >> Yeah, that's OG game. Game four. And I missed I missed that game because of my what I had my procedure to my leg. And then I was supposed to go to San
[01:44:39] Antonio, but I couldn't go. So, like I missed what I typically would have done, like I would have gone to the games and I'll always remember that being a very shitty part of the run. And then when it comes to like watching when it when the closeout game like I have to watch a closeout game by myself like if I'm not at the game like I have to watch it solo. So I watched it solo and I was like I watched it with my wife but that was a crazy few days man. It was just the best. >> That was the World Cup too. That was like a nice two three week bender. We were here shooting. You just felt it everywhere. >> Dude, you're if you're your al no matter where you lived, I don't care if you even if you're like European or Asian, like your algorithm was getting bombarded with Nick's [ __ ] everywhere. It was crazy. >> Memes were so good and just the people going outside going absolutely [ __ ] ape. We'll pop a bunch of those up. The Gary [ __ ] Vaynerchuk. We'll pop up that episode as well. Him just going [ __ ] nuts in the middle of nowhere in Poland at like [ __ ] three o'clock in the morning. >> Yeah, man. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Gary Gary's a real fan, man. And
[01:45:39] I'm I'm I love Gary, but he's he's a real one. You know, we've been to the games together and we've actually went to away games together and he's a [ __ ] real one, man. He is. He loves the Knicks. I want to just talk a little bit about the future and the book before we get into Quickstrike. Let's talk about K today. The future, the legacy. I'm going to start with a crazy question. Would you ever sell Keith? I I can't answer forever on anything to be honest. So, I'm not going to say something and then, you know, be in a situation where I have to do something. I don't know. But right now, no. As of right now, no. >> And that's just how you make decisions, period. Is just it's never a hard yes or no. Everything is malleable. >> Nothing is a hard yes or no because circumstances change in life. And I've learned that in so many other non-b businessiness related matters. So, you know, we take it we I I like to think 3 to 5 years out and we take it one day at a time, but I've changed my mind on so many things so many times, you know, and
[01:46:39] right now I still have so much to give and I'm still able to be as creative as I ever have been. And I'm able to be a I think a good leader and a good boss and as long as I feel like that's the case, then I I keep going. What has Kith cost you personally that people can't see? I know we talked a little bit about the journey. >> That's a great That's a great question, man. Everything. >> It's cost me everything. I mean this is and this is I think what the younger generation like if there's anything that I could pass down to the younger generation it's devotion is like such an important word you know and and what I've sacrificed the family time the weddings [clears throat] the birthdays the vacations the trips the you know the friend like I haven't been able to build like really true friendships, you know, where I'm taking
[01:47:39] time out to like and this is why I told you we do those trips because it's the only time I get to see my my friends and those are my real friends, you know, like yeah, we're on group chats and you know, I [ __ ] around when I can and text and talk or whatever, but like it's it's very rare. And I just I don't have the time to get on a call and I check I check up on my friends. I call my friends like no agenda randomly just to see how they're doing. And that's what friendships are. No agenda is a friendship. That's what friendships are, right? So I do check up on them once in a while, but I've given up I would say the biggest thing I've given up is family time. And that I don't mean with my wife and my kids. I mean with my immediate family, you know, my parents, my sister, my aunts, my cousin, my aunts, my uncles, my cousins. Like we used to when we were kids, we used to go away together on like summer vacations and that's no longer the case. So
[01:48:39] I think I think that that's um but I but I got to say I'm I'm willingly doing so. No one's forcing me to do that. But I know what I need to do to maximize the potential of this. And that's the problem with me. And it's it's not a problem. I guess it's like a gift and a curse is that I always have to maximize the potential of whatever it is I'm working on. Like I'll never do something. If I'm sweeping the floor, I'm going to sweep the [ __ ] floor. Like the floor will be clean. You get what I mean? So it's just the way that I am. And when I'm in something, I'm just [ __ ] in it. So for someone that wants to build what you've built outside of devotion, is there any other big things that you want to pass on to the next generation? >> Work ethic. And I think that has a lot to do with devotion >> which is getting demonized in this world we live in which is >> and that's why that's why I bring it up you know and and also purpose like people are moving without purpose
[01:49:39] you know I'm not cut from that cloth and I don't come from that era I'm like half my life is pre- internet era so and I'm so thankful for that I say half my life but every year that changes because now I'm 44 so I would say like you know maybe maybe it's like 53, you know, 47. But moving with purpose, I think that would be my the most the most important advice I could give someone. But you need the context surrounding that, finding a passion and then moving with purpose, you know? So like being passionate and then being able to be rewarded with happiness as a result of product is all of there there are pieces there that then make it worth it, you know, but for the younger generation that doesn't necessarily know what they don't know what they don't know. So like getting started
[01:50:39] is the hardest part I think for them because figuring out what they're passionate about is is harder than ever right now because they're being thrown so much information. >> So much [ __ ] so much [ __ ] that how can you really decipher between [ __ ] and substance? Like h how how are they going to weed through that and then pick what they think is the substance that will make them happy if they work at it? >> I just find it so hard to believe that there's someone right now working at a store in the stock room building their way up and saying I'll wait 15 years to to get to this point. I just I feel like so many people are just looking for the fast track. That's really what it comes down to. And that and that's honestly like I want to believe that I'm not part of the reasoning behind that. But showcasing the end result of product sometimes can I think create that emotion like the end
[01:51:41] result is what they see. I wish that there was a way for me to showcase the process more than I do. And I'm going to try and I've been trying to figure that out. I really have been. I just I don't want a camera in my [ __ ] face all day. You know that that that's my biggest and I don't I don't want to like I did that for 18 months. I had a guy follow me around for 12 to 15 hours a day, >> basketball games, Turks and Caos meetings. It becomes it's weird from a social perspective as well too. >> That and that's you know that's >> how much of how much of your life can you not show? I mean, that's the conversation I had with Gary, too, off camera is it's just like he can't show like you're not going to show us the conversation in the room with the guy from BMW. You know, you're going to show us the B-roll. I wish that people were there for that, but I'm here to tell those stories. You know, it's not like I don't have those stories to tell. So, you know, eventually, uh, those stories will all come out in detail. Uh, whether it's
[01:52:43] now or post my career, whatever it is. And and I'm here doing this podcast because I want to give information. So if the right questions are asked, I'll sit down and I'll gladly uh speak on it because I want to inspire the youth. And you know through our connect foundation where we bring kids in and we bring like a cohort of 15 kids in every year and we change their lives. They're like juniors in high school when they come in and they get to see what we do and you know they they they get a you know they get a a mentor um in different categories of the business and we help kids that wouldn't typically end up going to college. We help um you know make sure that they then attend and we have like a 100% conversion rate on that. >> That's dope. I didn't know that. Guys, I'm going to pop down below some information on that. I did not know that. >> Yeah. Yeah. And it's it's a huge um it's a it's it's a big part of what we do. Uh I have some great personnel between Emily and Sharifa who head this um foundation within my office in
[01:53:45] Williamsburg and it's it's a big part of the purpose around what I do. I'm trying to affect people's lives by giving them the information and the access so they that they they could build a passion for something you know like and not it's not for everybody and not everybody will become passionate about it but if I could affect a few people by giving them insight and by giving them you know a foot in the door then that's I think that that's the best that I can do you know you've passed off a lot and this book let's talk about this book I know you're going to have a lot more coming down the pipeline I have the 10ear book the 15-year book is coming out Why don't you tell us just a little bit about the book? >> The book is >> [ __ ] monstrous. >> It's I think it's the biggest book that Ocelene has ever created. Actually, I know it is. It's definitely the heaviest. [laughter] And what the book represents is the full archive of every footwear release. And it was re-shot. And the whole book is shot by Tyler, >> who's an OG with the brand. >> OG with the brand.
[01:54:46] The only if Tyler wouldn't shoot this book, I wouldn't make the book truthfully. And >> Tyler, he's giving you those flowers. >> Nah, he knows that. I give him flowers every time I speak to him. So like this. So all of the shoes were re-shot. It took a long [ __ ] time. I think it took like eight months. And then the index. So like it it shows it's by brand and it's chronologically by brand. And then why don't you take a look at this? And then at the end of the book, >> we're going to do a ton of B-roll on this book, too. But yeah, >> at the at the end of the book, you have the index. And the index is all of my This is massive. >> No, the book is The book is crazy, man. >> Damn. >> Yeah, it's everything. It's everything that we released and then the index. Go to the end of the book where the page quality changes. >> Wow. >> Oh, yeah. You're going to wow every page. So, don't do that. Oh, and that's everything. man, you're just going to flip to the last. >> I would say I mean we said a bunch of
[01:55:46] things. I think collabs is is is a big one. Your product photography. >> Yeah, we take that seriously. >> I mean that is you are the number one reference point on that. I appreciate that. >> Wow. This is insane. >> Yeah. So it's it's by brand and therefore you know the purpose of the index is so you could see the samples leading up to the final product. You understand what I'm saying? >> Yep. so that people can understand the work that goes behind it. And >> wow, on a per skew perspective, you're showing the mattress. Oh, wow. It's >> exactly. And then the bold letters are represent the style that was released. And the non-bold letters are the samples leading up to the release. And sometimes they don't release at all. Sometimes none of them are bold because they don't release. >> Ronnie's got a $20 million fund on the protos here. Jeez, man. It's really wild to see some of these I mean have multiple protos obviously before what do you hope people think about kithin
[01:56:47] another 15 years under the notion that you're thinking through that lens before we get into these final questions here I'm going to expand what it is that we do that's my biggest that's like right now what makes me happy and what makes me like excited is thinking about what we haven't done and then attacking it and and accomplishing certain aspects of this world that people in my position wouldn't even dare to think about. You know, being being I got to tell you like the most frustrating part of what I what I do and I should say like in the earlier years specifically was people trying to dictate what it is that I should be doing and what I shouldn't be doing. like what are you doing that for? Like you know like their vision of the brand has a start and an end point when really
[01:57:49] the brand is my life. So the end point to me currently today is when I die, right? So I have dreams of [ __ ] that I would like to do a lot of different avenues of like life of lifestyle human behavior. I want to change human behavior and have a positive impact on people's lives, right? And that's Ivy is the start of that, you know, and I think that where it goes from there is unchartered territory obviously, but I have I have plans that I'm in the middle of ideating and putting on paper >> in the realm of hospitality >> starting from there. Hospitality is a portion of it, but I'm going to even like thinking about getting into a membership club and then having the impact that we did on that category.
[01:58:49] I changed people's lives. Like people tell me it's like their lives are so much better because of the club that they're members of, you know? >> Good food. I've been there. >> Yeah. Great food. But but the purpose of the club, you know, and and that's just one avenue. A membership club is one avenue. I'm speaking about other things that I'm going to get into, you know, and hospitality is definitely like a passion of mine right now. >> Love that. That'll be a part two. All right, we're going to fire off a million [ __ ] questions right now before you go. I'd love your your opinion on this. >> Are they multiple choice or what do we got? >> Kind of. Yeah, they're they're quick and easy. >> Okay. >> Um, one word to describe Nigel Sylvester. >> There's so many things I could say right You want me to say one word? >> Um, I was going to say menace. >> There's so many words I could use right now. He's like a gem. That's what I would say. >> Jonah Hill, >> a product nerd. >> Jason Alexander, >> one of our best shoots.
[01:59:49] >> David Grutman, >> a unicorn. >> Greg Yuno, >> actually the unicorn, but I'll say uh >> he should be the menace, actually. >> Just a really a really great friend. a really really great friend. Your dad, most important person in my life. I'm going to go through a couple brands. I'd love to know what you think their superpower is in the marketplace. >> Okay. Adidas. Their superpower is the history of court shoes. New Balance, the only independent brand left in that top tier of footwear. AS6 >> the Japanese perfection that I admire. >> Clark's modern no craftsmanship brought into the modern era on disruptor Wilson. Strongest tennis heritage.
[02:00:49] Best designer not named you. Georgio Armani. Top three sneakers or shoes in your personal collection. >> Specific shoes? >> Yeah. >> My Salmonto A6 that I'm wearing today because of what it meant in my career. The Air Max 95 Neon in a new iteration that I can't talk about yet. And I would say New Balance 990 V3 in this UA colorway that's coming out with this book because that's the shoe that I always wanted in that colorway and it's finally coming together. The most underrated garment ever released by Kith every time we work on leather product out of Italy. So we have this like this new calf skinin that we that we sourced out of New Zealand that I really love and we made this leather jacket for fall. It's this burgundy leather jacket that you're also going to pop up on the screen right here.
[02:01:49] >> The I would say our leather garments out of Italy. >> Uh looking back the collab, celeb hit, retailer, what was that one moment that you think Kith really broke through? >> I think there are a lot of before and after moments for the brand, but I I will say I think the moment with LeBron was was massive [clears throat] when we opened the LA store because we opened LA with LeBron. >> That the Pippen too or No. Was that? >> Yeah. The P Pippen Pippen opened the Pippen project opened my the Lafayette building. >> Yeah. >> That I was telling you about when we moved from from Broadway. And the LeBron project opened the LA store. But working with LeBron, you know, a lot of people don't know this, but I directed a documentary about LeBron on and off the it was called Long Live the King, and it was about his life on and off the court. That was a great process. And I think that working with Nike on that, that was like working with Nike's pinnacle athlete on presenting a new silhouette in the 15 for the first time on the
[02:02:51] runway when we did our fashion show and then having a shared patent with Nike on that silhouette that had a zipper that zipped all the way down the middle of the shoe that he played with and then creating the shoes for his high school and my high school. Like that moment was legendary. I think that that was probably the biggest before and after moment. There have been really big moments after that, but I think that that was a that was a game changer. >> Best business advice you ever got. >> How about this? I won't give you the business advice, but I'll give you life advice that then apply to business is every day should be unwrapped like a precious gift. >> It's nice. Mount Rushmore of Kith campaigns. Pick four of them. The most iconic. We're going to pop them up. Seinfeld, Edward Norton, Scorsesei, and Adrien Brody.
[02:03:53] Proudest nodwork moment in your life. Both of my kids. Having both of my kids. Both of my girls. >> Love that. Last four questions I ask everybody. Favorite book or podcast and why? >> Favorite book would be Ride of a Lifetime. >> The liger. >> Yeah. >> You're a podcast guy. >> I listen as much as I could. Again, like I don't have I live close to work so I don't have that time, but sometimes taking a trip out east I'll listen to I'll listen to podcasts. My favorite podcast episode I would say was the I would say it was Senra um >> Travis. >> No, Steve Stout because Steve >> We need to get Steve Stout on here. Yeah, Steve Steve Stout is such such an important person in uh I I just I I loved everything like his his BTS commentary on like how things were
[02:04:54] happening behind closed doors in in music but also in in marketing gave me so much insight that I love to hear. So I hit him up as soon as I heard that podcast. That was so much information that I didn't know about beforehand. And I think that the best podcasts actually like educate you and and open up your eyes to to things you don't know about. >> Great storyteller. >> Yeah. >> Entrepreneur or brand that you want to give flowers to and why? I'm gonna say Amelon Door because I've known Teddy since he worked at a diner and I've seen him just do really beautiful things and tell beautiful stories and also bring his life and lifestyle into what he loves the most, which right now he loves boating and you know you're seeing that transfer into the brand. So, he's bringing his life into the brand, which which I know is very rewarding, but also very difficult to do. >> Great brand. I'm glad you said it, too,
[02:05:54] cuz I never know how to pronounce it. How big can Kith be? Last question. >> No ceiling. >> There is no ceiling. >> Good ending. Appreciate you, bro. >> Thanks a lot, man. Appreciate it. [music] >> [music] >> Hey, hey, hey. >> [music]